as a general rule in life you should
only eat as many mangos in one day as
you have showers if you're having three
showers a day because you're extremely
athletic you're living in the tropics I
think you can get away with eating three
mangos if you're only having one shower
a day two showers one or two mangoes is
the limit let me tell you as a general
rule of thumb i would also say that on
almost any topic if you read three
articles three really good specialized
articles just reading those three
articles is enough for you to form an
opinion of your own offer critique of
your own braden bright article of your
own now whether or not you write a good
article or a bad article will depend on
who you are if you're an idiot you may
write an idiotic article that's okay
makes the world go round if the three
articles you read we're all horribly
biased and poorly informed you may
produce a new article that is itself
horribly biased and poorly inform and if
you have no prior familiarity with the
particular field you'll be at another
disadvantage etc etc but I just say this
partly because there's an illusion that
you need to have years of accumulated
experience and expertise to write an
article on a given subject I would say
that you know right now if you got three
very solid articles serious articles
from serious publication on the topic of
Russia's current strategy in Syria what
is Russia's geopolitical strategy
military strategy in Syria right now
2016 I think if you read three articles
about it three good articles you could
then come on YouTube and voice an
opinion and maybe of something really
valuable and meaningful to say um one of
the controversies you know vegan gains
talks about is the significance of this
chemical igf-1 igf-1 is a very
interesting chemical there's a lot of
new research and I do think currently
you know there were unsettled questions
maybe in the next 10 years will really
know all the facts but it's certainly an
area of you know kind of groundbreaking
new science if you read three really
good solid articles about a GF one I
think you could form your own opinion
cetera et cetera now ah with various
people who have tried to denounce me
into Fame me on the internet and I'm
thinking at the moment primarily of a
natural vegan AKA Swayze i have said to
them I haven't told them to be silent I
haven't tried to censor them I haven't
tried to say how dare you criticize me
I've often said to them why don't you
actually read the articles I've written
on that subject and form your own
opinion and then criticize me or
disagree with me or what have you I was
a scholar of Buddhism for more than 10
years and for me being a scholar of
Buddhism hahahaha my approach included
Buddhist philosophy it included the
history of the languages it included
philology it included this study of not
just ancient texts but ancient stone
inscriptions uh but it included also
politics you know history in that sense
topics like the history of slavery in
Buddhism sure history the oppression of
women all kinds of things that maybe
traditional religious scholars of
Buddhism wouldn't want to deal with or
wouldn't deal with in the same rigorous
unflinching unflattering sense that I
was willing to deal with those things
now I'm not proud of what I did in
Buddhism but I'm aware of both how rare
it is how extraordinary it is and of the
contribution I made it that field and
how my contribution was regarded by
other specialists who themselves made
you know major contributions the field
over decades and decades whatever their
story is in a case by case basis so I'm
not I'm not lacking in self-confidence
about it and not unduly humble just
including the fact that i actually did
spend years reading the ancient
canonical language poly which very very
few people read and Chinese that's
called body one um when someone like a
natural vegan wants to denounce me and
defame me on the internet on the basis
of digging up a couple of comments on a
discussion forum and whatever quoting
the amount of contacts to me for her she
has no ability to understand the
connectors she has no interest in input
ISM but its philosophy what have you
what I say back to her isn't how dare
you or don't do this
so I don't beg her to censor herself or
something what I say is well look you
know I spent more than 10 years engaged
in this field of study if you google my
name if you google my name + Buddhism
you're gonna find a lot of evidence of
just how much work I did and even of how
that work was received I do have some
peer reviewed articles which supposedly
a natural vegan has respect for she's
always talking about pura vida but not
in my case she had no respect to the
fact that I have peer reviewed I do she
has a natural vegan published a peer
review article on any topic ever in her
life ever not to my knowledge it's like
okay I do have peer reviewed articles
about Buddhism but also if you google
around a bit and I could give her some
links you can see other websites that
just take seriously the legacy of the
work I did you know that are providing
links to my articles and talking about
it saying oh gee if your interest in
this topic check out the work wise
Alma's art on it blah blah blah there
are a lot of things the internet that
reflected other people who know what
they're talking about do take what I did
seriously and do value it or do
appreciate it whether it's the work on
the language of the philosophy here or
what have you now with that being said
anytime you write about religion or
politics there are also people who will
just bitterly hate you for having dared
to have an opinion and there are I mean
you can very easily find especially if
no casual website discussion forums you
can find anonymous people saying I'm a
terrible human being because I dared to
criticize something in the religion they
believe in or i said something they
consider unflattering about the religion
like if you're going to talk about
slavery in buddhism you're going to talk
about the status of women in Buddhism
but even if you're to talk with the
reality of meditation and but you talk
about financial corruption and but isn't
politics in both of anything I would
think it's the same in Catholicism I
don't know I mean I have no vote but I
think if you talk about politics in the
Catholic religion have you yes there are
also people on the internet you know
sings you're you're an idiot or
disagreeing with you or insulting term
as part of the game it's one of the
reasons why I'm prepared for the type of
defamation and innuendo that currently
is circulating in the vegan demi-monde
I'd already dealt with that for years
and years and years within
within Buddhist scholarship with in
Buddhist things on the internet um
unnatural bein supposed to be better
than that unnatural vegan is supposed to
be better than during writer but what
unnatural vegan actually did to me and
what she threatened to do even more to
me it's just as bad as during writer in
fact the only other person that time I
can remember doing it was during riders
look what you're doing to me is exactly
the same thing during writer density or
tried to do to me which was to say that
my whole career as a scholar of Buddhism
was uh was bunk or nonsense on the basis
of you know digging up these kind of
comments on discussion forums those
anonymous hate comments on discussion
from this kind of repartee that's not a
peer-reviewed article okay even if I had
only one peer reviewed article you
should weigh the significance of that
very differently from anonymous haters
saying I'm an idiot website discussion
forum even if I had only given one
lecture at the invitation of a professor
emeritus at Oxford University England
even as the only one that's a hint that
there's something to be taken seriously
about my past career as a sculpture
Buddhism even it was only one time that
I have been a resident at bhikkhu Bodhi
'he's temple as in the united states
only one time I was a resident at the
his former temple in Sri Lanka even if I
have only been to and meditated in and
spoken to senior monks in these Buddhist
temples a few times each over a ten-year
period even have only been received at
and given lectures at respected academic
institutions a few times again as a
natural vegan than anything like this in
whole career has she been recognized in
any field of study whether philosophy or
politics any field original research or
any language studies at any language the
way I've been recognized in Europe but
major universities in Europe but also of
course it's much more important to me at
both Buddhist monasteries and Buddhist
universities in Asia you know in Asia
the universities that are receiving okay
so
we don't expect much from a guy like
durianrider we don't if durianrider I
mean I assume he didn't even do that
himself I assume he didn't even go
around the internet and get those links
somebody would have sent them to him but
you know if durianrider is going to
defame me by saying I was never a real
scholar of Buddhism blah blah blah you
have to hope that your audience is able
to just laugh this off and dismiss it
because of who durianrider is and
because of the horrible you know colony
and slander and defamation that he's
made against so many people again and
again with so little reason but guess
what you know what unnatural vegan did
the same thing to me she was just as bad
or worse and i think that one unnatural
vegan did it to me i think a lot of
people unquestioningly took it seriously
i think a lot of people react to that
and it's partly from messages people
have sent me they didn't look into it
they thought I was a fraud they were
something terrible about money my
history is a scholar Buddhism now I say
again any of you I welcome you all you
can form your own opinion about my
legacy is a former scholar Buddhism if
you read three articles that I've
written a couple of my articles have
been translated from English into
Chinese by the way you could read three
articles that I've written and you could
come to your own conclusion on what I
have to say about Buddhism or what have
you I do regret that I ever became a
scholar put us might wish I had done
something else with those ten years
those more than ten years sure I regret
it but of course it's a very different
thing for me to say that for me to say
wow this is a decision in my life that I
feel was a waste of my time or that
didn't turn out well it did I regret
it's a very different thing for me to
say it than it is for a natural vegan
asset and for our natural vegan to say
it without reading even one of my
articles with pure malice behaving the
same way during writer does unnatural
vegan just chose to cherry-pick I
believe two conversations one on
facebook and one on
a buddhist discussion forum where people
saying i'm a jerk recently and she has
no understanding of and no interest in
any of the intellectual back and like
you can be having a debate about you
having a debate about vegetarianism
buddhism or uh you know meditation or
politics or anything I slavery or
anything else and if someone was
absolutely no background in the field
you won't they won't even understand the
technical terms they won't understand
factually who's right who's wrong and in
most of the disguise you talking about
internet discussion forums it's not like
it's not even like ancient Latin or
ancient Greek there's significant number
human beings on earth who can read a
language like Latin or Greek the number
of people who legitimately can do
original research in poly in the pally
canon it's frightening Lee close to zero
people and I was one of those people who
did original research in that language
and again some people respected me for
it gets the evidence of the Internet
very easily I i sent a natural vegan
length um and some people hated me for
it which again I don't feel sorry for
myself because I think again if you were
asking tough political questions within
the Catholic religion within Judaism
within any kind of massive and
conservative you know religion you're
going to get those kinds of reactions in
any way I could tell all kinds of
stories about that
we shouldn't hold any of these people to
any standard I can't say to you that
unnatural vegan is answerable to a
higher standard than during a letter I
can't and it's not my job to police the
internet or to police the vegan internet
or anything else what I can tell you is
that when you engage in a critique of
other people uh and this really is about
people some other views about me as a
person being pilloried and defamed and
denounced by a natural vegan which is
what you did I think in terms of
personal integrity there is a huge
difference between say reading three of
their articles and then coming to a
conclusion about this is the type of
person this is or this type of research
they do what have you and putting
together an opinion that's based on I
don't know baseless rumors and innuendo
and one sentence remarks in an internet
forum or you know a disagreement people
insulting each other in an internet
forum or something like Facebook
messages or a some crappy some crappy
message board interview ah there is a
difference and I mean I don't know might
be a slight exaggeration by the other
natural vegan followers was there even a
single person who was sensitive to that
difference was to even a single person
hey wait a minute you're dismissing more
than 10 years of work that this guy did
and more than 10 years of work that in
some obvious ways was recognized by
academic institutions despite the fact
that I never got a PhD in that field but
again you can complete very obvious the
type of recognition I got both from
Western academia and Eastern academia
and even to some extent from from
Buddhist institutions as such and who is
a natural vegan what legitimacy does she
have does she have even won a
peer-reviewed article does she have
any distinction in any field of research
in any field of writing in any field of
publication has she done any job that
we're aware of ever in her life because
to some expense that you know my view of
the world you guys know it's influenced
by just politics that was involved with
it City Hall humanitarian causes I was
concerned about in Laos and Cambodia and
yes my research on Buddhism my
involvement in the Green Party all these
things you've heard me mentioned so many
times it shapes my worldview and for
someone like a natural vegan I don't
know but anything like that I don't know
about anything of real substance she's
done and i gotta say maybe it is for
that reason that she did with such you
know tremendous lack of human sympathy
choose to come at me in precisely that
way that was just as low and just as
vile as durianrider but was much more
damaging because a natural vegan has
managed to cultivate the illusion that
uh her opinion should be respected as
science when she's not a scientist she's
never been a scientist and her supposed
respect for peer review publications for
academic accomplishments in her
interaction with me it's proven that her
respect for those things is a hundred
percent phone